[Music]
this video is sponsored by wish yeah so
we're not too sure what we were thinking
when we came up with this idea but here
it goes
this is officially the last episode
we'll ever make in our house in Venice
Beach California by the time I'm
recording this voiceover we've already
moved out to find yes theory a new home
and after living in this house for two
and a half years we knew we had to say
goodbye in a memorable way so as we were
packing up all our things we realized
that there were dozens and dozens of
items we had accumulated over the past
few years they would either never used
or that we just didn't need anymore from
headphones to backpacks it felt like
such a waste to leave it all behind and
then someone said it what would happen
if we sent out our address to a bunch of
our subscribers and lit dozens of people
come and take whatever they want from
our house with this turn into absolute
chaos or the greatest giveaway of all
time to make sure that everybody would
walk away with something exciting and to
pack the house with surprises we
partnered up with wish which is an
online shopping platform that sends you
the product straight from the
manufacturer and gets you the best
prices you can find almost anything on
wish and it's a great place to discover
unique items and besides all that
they're also the official sponsor for
our home team of the LA Lakers when we
made a post on Instagram giving 60
people a chance to come rob us and our
last experience in the house was ready
to begin first things first we are
posting to the secret Instagram that we
have called yes theory la so it's just
for the yesterday
no longer secret posting it and we are
telling people this do you want to come
rob our house we're cool with it and
then we said the first sixty people to
RSVP will be sent our address so 60
people will be showing up at this house
tomorrow and they're gonna be robbing
our house that is insane to say and I
love it it's all consensual but we've
basically decided that we have so many
items in the house that we just don't
want to bring to the next place but that
are amazing or like somewhat amazing
like not amazing enough to take but
pretty amazing and on top of that we
partnered with wish who let us order a
bunch of stuff off their website and
we're gonna basically be hiding all
these items that we've ordered the
website on top of hiding a bunch of
other items that we have and we're
leaving some solid stuff behind it's
gonna be so random to just let all these
people come into our home and take
whatever they want I guess we'll see
what happens I'm so tired of cleaning
this place we're just you never clean
what do you mean finally one glimpse of
Thomas cleaning you man Thomas what are
you up to
I'm not coming any like a no means this
is what we need to learn for our next
place and get not bored we cannot keep
too many things this is what ends up
happening yeah this has to seen a lot
for now though just ignore this room not
that I would be against like I love
cleaning but I just just not not this
part all right so our beautiful
beautiful handsome managers I decided
that he'd put in the orders from wish
and surprises with what he got so we
have all these packages and we're gonna
open them up and see what we're gonna be
able to surprise people with there were
a lot of things available and I think I
made a good choice headphones
it's grooming kit I bought there
selfishly hoping that no one else would
take it so that I could have it to grew
my beard
okay this is a nice little briefcase
selection is all over the place but I
think that just means there'll be
something for everyone
what is it it's a watch hell yeah nice
samus's dope as phones watch I should
just cancel the episode and this 11 year
old girl named Sarah sent us these
backpacks of shot eggs
wait what old face backpacks and her
company is life with Sarah us Sarah
there you go lucky lucky
yes fam members will get these and be
the coolest kids on the block you want
I'm making the same face as you are in
this one they should which ones the bag
posted the event like 20 minutes ago and
are still about what so 60 people will
be showing up here tomorrow that's
insane
get ready the last thing wherever
hosting here
[Music]
this guy there's so much stuff in my
teeth what happened amara I have to take
his teeth pulled out so now charlie bit
me charlie bit me and it really hurts
I'm gonna see that video okay
such a big infection that they pulled
out the infection out of my jaw no way
it was so bad and then I looked at the
bill how do you feel about this episode
I mean it's really great that we get
just you know properly say goodbye to
the house and tell the story of the
house because it's been throwing the
most giving space and the most generous
and most so many people so many people
started here and yeah I feel like
there's so much stuff that we can give
people that show off tomorrow
all right so for those of you that don't
know this about Amara for over two and a
half years he's been taking Polaroids
some of our like most special events and
today Habib's is giving 20 away to
subscribers that come through this is
the moment we hit 2 million subscribers
if you want to get that away Wow some
great memories ones that I would never
ever ever give up but when you think
that these the people coming today are
the people that actually made all these
moments happen you kind of let go off
you know
[Music]
today's the day today is the day
that's first real house together when
we're saying goodbye to and at the end I
have a feeling I'm gonna start crying I
already feel like it's bottling inside
of me these tears you have guests coming
we have guests coming their leaves
everywhere I want to be feeling a bit
anxious I don't know there's a lot of
people coming I don't know what they're
expecting starting to sink in that this
is like the last episode we're gonna
film here like our lives literally
changed in that two and a half years
that we've been living here we moved in
here we had 8,000 subscribers
literally no money so much uncertainty
coming in and exiting we've just totally
become different people and I'm just so
grateful for everything that this house
did for us I'm so grateful for all the
people that we've met through this house
was so grateful for all the people that
we've been able to host and just all the
incredible experiences we've been able
to have oh I'm like nervous about all
these people coming right now this is
gonna be more strangers in our home than
we've ever had it's a little bit
overwhelming and it's also not only
overwhelming to have this many people
it's overwhelming to let go of so many
things that you care about just like so
many emotions at once when it's finished
then what now you're left with an empty
house that you used to live in that's
when the tears go strong mad
goddess all right well it is one hour
away from the events and worth just
putting the items away there are people
already lining up at slightly what items
were giving away it's a mix of backpacks
old things we don't use anymore and the
gifts from wish a lot of items to steal
this is the robbers dream so for every
single item we got from wish
we're gonna hide one of these photos
inside of this add a little bit of
sentimental value and stakes to the
whole thing
[Music]
discomfort like to photos these photos
are amazing I'm like sad to give these
away
[Music]
this is the last thing we ever gets in
this in this house it's not like we're
just moving out it will actually no
longer exist it's the first place I ever
felt home and it's where we had just
like the best memories of our lives and
we did start the YouTube channel three
years ago but it wasn't yes theory yes
theory was born in this house Thomas
came up with the name in one of these
corners is literally right here it was
sitting right there I said goodbye dude
I hate thinking about it so much I'm
just like avoiding it it hit me cleaning
my room that's I had this coming with
the same file it's not right now please
it's alright there's there's 60 people
outside that work two minutes late for
work two an epic ending a new beginnings
long-ass slide
[Music]
so what we're gonna do today is pretty
odd we are going to have you guys rob us
what that means is over the last two and
a half years that we've lived here we've
left a ton of stuff we're kind of
hoarders so we keep a lot of stuff
there's like memorabilia when random
merch items that we have random posters
random paintings all around the house
inside there's these little items that
you guys can pick and how it's gonna
work is you have a number on your hand
you're gonna have one minute to pick one
item
on Black Friday wisely and you have one
minute to do it how many is not a lot of
time there's a lot of stuff in this I
don't know what I would pick if I had a
minute we're just in a trauma as much as
we can that's the plan okay so the first
batch of people to rob our house is
about to go in nobody has any idea what
to expect but they all have a minute to
pick their item
[Music]
[Applause]
a little bit away that's a costume I
want to help where's the coolest figure
the house how's that oh my God look at
this you'll take that good pick we get
him a little bit of extra time yeah look
at that the first-ever fan mail
[Music]
do
that hits them after kickoff damage so
they got back all right let's see what
you got I think people people were
saying that they wanted to spend more
than a minute in there so we might as
well just all go and it's right walking
in with the army yeah that's so many
parties in this frickin house this is
the last one ever
we're gonna do it in this room in this
house ever gone as hard as it's about to
go
[Applause]
[Music]
[Laughter]
we could not have pictured a better way
to say goodbye to our beloved home than
by celebrating our time here with over
60 of the people that made living in it
possible we saw people leave with items
ranging from our first fan mail ever to
some of the gifts we got from wish to
the painting we all made together with
the guests from hotel yes it's a while
to look back at the moment we first
stepped into this house and realized how
much this place changed our lives and
give us a place to flourish creatively
nourish our friendship and see thousands
of people come through and experience
what yes theory' truly means a dream was
always to create a space that could
embody our message and this place could
not have been better for that and saying
goodbye is not gonna be easy
the day after everyone left we had one
last chance to say goodbye
and officially close our chapter at this
house we're no longer the tenants of
this building but finding our next
headquarters in creating yes house 2.0
is our next big challenge
we can't wait to create it and show it
to you we want to thank our sponsor wish
for this video who made the experience
for our subscribers that much better if
you ever need to purchase anything
online would highly recommend checking
out wish first since they have some of
the best prices and an enormous variety
of products click the link in the
description to go check them out and
we'll see you next week